README.md, before:

```text
 ▄████████    ▄████████  ▄█    █▄     ▄████████   ▄▄▄▄███▄▄▄▄   ███    █▄  ████████▄  
███    ███   ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    ███ ▄██▀▀▀███▀▀▀██▄ ███    ███ ███   ▀███ 
███    █▀    ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    █▀  ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███          ███    ███ ███    ███  ▄███▄▄▄     ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███        ▀███████████ ███    ███ ▀▀███▀▀▀     ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███    █▄    ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    █▄  ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███    ███   ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    ███ ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███   ▄███ 
████████▀    ███    █▀   ▀██████▀    ██████████  ▀█   ███   █▀  ████████▀  ████████▀  
```

### What is CaveMUD?
CaveMUD is an old-school style Multi-User Dungeon text based fantasy game.

I decided to open-source it because it's not like a text based game can compete with the wider world of games or really become
popular in this day and age, so why not share the source with the world? I also have a somewhat sparse GitHub profile so
I thought this would be a good way to show off some of my work.

### Why is it called CaveMUD?
I don't really know. I just thought it sounded cool. The first text based game
that I played was DoorMUD and CaveMUD seemed about as logical for a name. I also
am a huge fan of RuneScape, and loved all of the caves you could explore (there
is a lot more than Caves in CaveMUD, but the name kinda stuck).

### What engine is CaveMUD based on?
CaveMUD uses a completely new engine, written from scratch in C++. It is based on an engine I wrote in high school in 2014-2015 (it has been completely re-written since then, but the idea came from that original engine).
It is designed to be super efficient and extensible, with multi-threading from day one.

### Current Progress
- [X] Networking base
- [X] Basic game loop
- [X] Logging system
- [ ] Telnet Protocol Support
- [ ] CaveScript (a scripting language for CaveMUD)
- [ ] UI Framework (Telnet UI)
- [ ] Character Creation
- [ ] Quest System
- [ ] Combat System
- [ ] Item System
- [ ] Skill Tree
- [ ] World Building Tools

(More will be added as I think of them)

### What is the license?
CaveMUD is licensed under GPLv3.

Commit message:

Added protobuf to cmake and changed license

README.md, after:

```text
 ▄████████    ▄████████  ▄█    █▄     ▄████████   ▄▄▄▄███▄▄▄▄   ███    █▄  ████████▄  
███    ███   ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    ███ ▄██▀▀▀███▀▀▀██▄ ███    ███ ███   ▀███ 
███    █▀    ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    █▀  ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███          ███    ███ ███    ███  ▄███▄▄▄     ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███        ▀███████████ ███    ███ ▀▀███▀▀▀     ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███    █▄    ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    █▄  ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███    ███ 
███    ███   ███    ███ ███    ███   ███    ███ ███   ███   ███ ███    ███ ███   ▄███ 
████████▀    ███    █▀   ▀██████▀    ██████████  ▀█   ███   █▀  ████████▀  ████████▀  
```

### What is CaveMUD?
CaveMUD is an old-school style Multi-User Dungeon text based fantasy game.

### Why is it called CaveMUD?
I don't really know. I just thought it sounded cool. The first text based game
that I played was DoorMUD and CaveMUD seemed about as logical for a name. I also
am a huge fan of RuneScape, and loved all of the caves you could explore (there
is a lot more than Caves in CaveMUD, but the name kinda stuck).

### What engine is CaveMUD based on?
CaveMUD uses a completely new engine, written from scratch in C++. It is based on an engine I wrote in high school in 2014-2015 (it has been completely re-written since then, but the idea came from that original engine).
It is designed to be super efficient and extensible, with multi-threading from day one.

### Current Progress
- [X] Networking base
- [X] Basic game loop
- [X] Logging system
- [ ] Telnet Protocol Support
- [ ] CaveScript (a scripting language for CaveMUD)
- [ ] UI Framework (Telnet UI)
- [ ] Character Creation
- [ ] Quest System
- [ ] Combat System
- [ ] Item System
- [ ] Skill Tree
- [ ] World Building Tools

(More will be added as I think of them)

### What is the license?
CaveMUD is proprietary software, and is not open source. 
The server is licensed under the Cavefox LLC proprietary license. 
See the LICENSE.md file for more information.
